on July 2 German soccer Peruvian
dresses up because it comes in the
national stadium the best player of the
world lionel messi and also his friends
if you want to earn some tickets
to go see leo messi ya mascherano
abidal searches and also ours to
vargas to farfán you have to
answer the following question how many
and what are the worlds that has
disputed million a month and in his career
with the Argentine team the answer
we give it later we're going to throw ourselves
german with omar ruiz de somocurcio for
Tell us how this party is lived
between Peru and Colombia and Colombia that
is going to dispute on Tuesday what are the
Background of Peru in front of Colombia
that's right here they also have good
positive memories of results
important in favor of this place that
it became the bunker of the
coffee maker selection we remember
Much Chinese tale 'Perea for France
98 with oblitas as coach period
he also remembers of that win
historical 50 against another selection
he was running black freighter that he had
Little Ordes in the good arch
very good results including one
good for us but obviously
you imagine that they will have images and
they will be able to remember and comment on what
has happened here in the oven
Barranquilla clashes in Colombia
before our selection partners access
mar we have played three games against
Colombia in Barranquilla where we are
been beaten 4 to 0 and 5 to 0 and once in
the 97
the chinese pereda gave us the victory
against Colombia for that match but
colombia that you remember the most
now
of the parties that speak those that we have
lost have been the one we won today
with fight it was night that's why I tell you
there's there is a difference of ten
more bravo because of the heat that I did I went to
that match of 50 that was calf was
guest does not know what it gives in tenor in
the stadium the humor did not die down
it's hotter still because it's
deep the stadium is like a basement
it's down
I have faith because I believe that this
team is more worked hard than it was
Freddy comes because you do not know if that
authorship or maturana who had problems
next the resin grab the equipment not
and there it was very difficult for him to
arrive and put together a team here is
working better in the sense of
working with those here remember
bolivia puts a team completely of
lima and we're going through the background
Colombia
in this way commenting on the match that
comes out is 2 to 0
had two by the corners were
spectacular lucky account that was shot
a little but magnificent the criminal
executed
wonderful and that's just from
match
and after that
we are knowing by reviewing the s for
The luminaries of the World Cup in Mexico
wins with colombia 1 to 0 does not hear he says you
just qualifying France 98
a team of hours that was about
to reach the world in this way is that
the stick returns a year
this went away
but the truth and the chemistry
víctor hugo aristizábal to get vaccinated
and this is the party we want to be
repeat
mold
I think it looks a lot like
but this time for the world
Korea-Japan 2002
solano and his mastery to get the
brand of his former partner in bottles
oscar porn
and define everything as a teacher
this was the match
notably
then we did not deserve that is not the only
until his axes columbia in a motive
of the color and the arc I do not know why but
had had
and there lifts Colombia rises Colombia
to get out of that game and that when
a result you do not get it without
deserve it and one pulls it forward wants
to say that if he does not play well, the
luck or else we're going to make it end
that says I kick from either side
and I'm going to put it there is not finished the
trust then chile
I do not have Cortabitarte I wash my hair
they always make sounders to the heart
because it 's great at what it tensed
valdés 13 1 by mail to simple to 3
benefits and a single clean product
protects against dandruff and hair
manageable all at once and if
use mixture and use it they have the head
cool
very well we pause germón and
now yes now if we do not wait anymore, not the
exclusive interview with the captain of the
peru the providential man client
I can use it
where no
just for television doctor said
friend claudio bisanti let's go